the legendary Salamanca farmer alipio pérez-tabernero sanchón
he tried him closely
in this sound document he remembers his experiences with the colossus of cells
for putting everything for me
a project of the ordinary
because I knew all the bullfighting photos
beautifully after changing
he had a lot of fans talking to us he's going to do everything
I wish because when
of the tower will make the case to mark came for the pouring of bullfighters different from the
that would be the base the boat was pumped
to the bullring
and the next day we had to go to the field because I wanted to fight for the
tomorrow because I was fighting bullfighting at the fair
I wish he was not going to die
ocampo showed the horse has opted for the city
the alba tower
Slovenia bathed yesterday afternoon to fight and the next day live and for
the night we slept in the case of the passage and then we went to the one of
the early morning just talking about everything
and that is that Joselito was a great man of the field
on the back of his jaca pita bread gift of Gordon and urán spider crab in all
the sevillanas farms of the marsh and the countryside
in these long joselito country days that we are going to see in a
tentadero
encouraged and advised the ranchers of which he was the favorite bullfighter
in search of a new type of bull more harmonious of bravery more
prolonged
that will adapt to the new tower modes
that he and the mountain represented
in this sense joselito always preferred the line farms
muve ibarra
that today dominates 95 percent of the bravo hut
statistical data show that joselito stole 70% of his career
of runs of this encaste
especially of farms like vicente martínez contreras mutai civic gamero
and santa coloma
occupied with ibarra as you see jumeal moral rooms and garvey medina
friend of miura and contreras also in the field joselito was the one who sent
percent
of the forest he liked
I decided that the corn coaster joselito dollars face
the Sevillian mountain pine farm
It was the headquarters of Joselito
actually it belonged to rafael the rooster who bought it in his years of
splendor but it was joselito who else used his office
majidi and control before him the feast of the sea